More robust handling of local state default value when read function is defined (#12934)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/unlucky-cooks-rhyme.md

---
"@apollo/client": minor
---

> Add an abstract `resolvesClientField` function to `ApolloCache` that can be used by 3rd party caches to determine if it can resolve a `@client` field when a local resolver is not defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an abstract `resolvesClientField` function to `ApolloCache` that can be used by caches to announce if it can resolve a `@client` field when a local resolver is not defined.
```

Author: 0ff610d236fa0785899febd01c2d4101eaa38d37
